---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

# What did you do this past week?
I spent most of this week getting caught up in my Vector Calculus class. I managed to get completely caught up before my Vector Calculus quiz on Wednesday, which went well. The remainder of my week was spent working the Life project. My partner and I encountered a few hiccups along the way, but we have steadily been making progress. Now, we just have to finish up the Cell class. On Saturday, I attended Div day. I also received my intern team assignment this week!

# What's in your way?
I have a Vector Calculus exam this week. I’ll need to transition from focusing on the Life project to focusing on the exam soon.

# What will you do next week?
After having a relatively calm week, I’m back to being super busy. I have a Vector Calculus test this week. An addition to the Life project, I have a project for my INF class due this week. I’ll also be registering for next semester. I have a general idea of what I want to take, but plans tend to go out of the window when registration comes around. On a positive note, Westworld season 2 starts next week!

# What's my experience of the class?
Most of our lectures this week were related to the Life project, which was great because there is quite a bit to do for this project. The things that we discussed in class save me a lot of pain and anguish. Toward the end of class on Friday, we shifted focus from talking about the project to yet another useful C+ feature: the ability to inline functions. Using the keyword inline enables to compile to replace a function call with the actual code of a function. I found this feature to be incredibly interesting.

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
I came across this very interesting article about a pilot program within Austin that is attempting to use blockchain to improve services for homeless people. The idea behind this piolet program is to use blockchain consolidate and decentralize the identity records of homeless people. Doing so will help the city this verify the identity of an individual seeking help. You can learn more about the program [here](https://techcrunch.com/2018/04/14/austin-is-piloting-blockchain-to-improve-homeless-services/).

