---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

# What did you do this past week?
I took my first OOP test this. Then, I had to write an essay for my INF class. I also started studying for my Chemistry test. Finally, I volunteered at ExploreUT for ABCS. Both the kids and the parents had a great time playing mastermind with us. We had kids staying with us half an hour after ExploreUT ended to play a game with us.

# What's in your way?
I could get a lot more done if I didn’t have to sleep! In all seriousness, my sleeping habits have been horrible this week. I’ve been going sleep late, passing out as soon as I get home, and then having trouble falling asleep that night because I took such a long nap. I’m looking forward to sleeping in during Spring Break. 

# What will you do next week?
I have my second Chemistry test next week. I need to do a lot of studying to prepare for it. Fortunately, that they only major thing that I have going on next week! In between Chemistry study sessions, I’ll try to get started on the next OOP project. ABCS is having a meeting on Thursday and that will unofficially kick off my Spring Break.

# What's my experience of the class?
We had our OPP test this week. I covered a nice spread of material that we have covered so far. The last two problems were a bit more challenging than the rest of the exam. The problems that I had with those questions were self-induced. I was unsure of what exactly I was supposed to implement. Despite not implementing what question asked for, I still passed some of the tests. It took me a bit longer than it should have to figure out that I was doing the question wrong. Once I figured that out the question was simple to implement. I should have immediately scrolled down to test cases to clear up the misconceptions that I had. Overall, I think that I did ok on the exam.

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
I’m sure that you have noticed that the “View Image” option is no longer a part of Google Image Search. Google had to remove to option due to a licensing agreement with Getty. If you’re like me and really miss that option, you can get it back by using a browser add-on called [“View Image”]( https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/view-image/jpcmhcelnjdmblfmjabdeclccemkghjk/related). 
