---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

# What did you do this past week?
I took my second Chemistry exam this week. I did so much better on this exam than the first one. I started to fill out some paperwork for my internship this summer. I attempted to finish all my homework before Spring Break started and failed miserably. 
# What's in your way?
I had a bit of trouble focusing on school stuff with Spring Break being so close. I’m pretty sure that I was late to my first class every day this week. I should be back to normal after Spring Break.
# What will you do next week?
Spring break is finally here! Sadly, I have five Vector Calculus assignments to do over the break. I’ll try to knock those out early. I’ll also continue to work on the second OOP project. Most importantly, I’m going to relax and hang out with friends and family. My internship starts pretty much as soon as the semester ends, so this is the chance that I’ll have to see certain people for a while. Lastly, I’ll fill out my application for intern housing. 
# What's my experience of the class?
This week we dove a little bit deeper into how classes and memory management work in C++. We covered quite a bit of information in class this week. The structure of the class was a bit different this week. We did not do any in class coding assignments. I’m looking forward to trying out the thing that we covered.
# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
I normally include something related to technology or a programming tool as my pick-of the-week, but I want to go in a different direction since it’s Spring Break. The college semester can be a long and stressful couple of months. I want to emphasize the importance of taking some time to relax. Make the most of this week and do what you want to do. If you want to participle in some of the SXSW events but don’t have a badge or wristband, here’s a list of [unofficial SXSW events](https://www.festivalsaviors.com/spreadsheet).
Have fun and be safe!
