---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

# What did you do this past week?

I took my first Chemistry exam this past week. The class average was low, but I managed to score above the average. I also started the Voting project with my partner. Despite having not being given any starter code, we managed to get everything setup significantly faster than the first project. We ran into a couple of problems early, but we managed to pass all the HackerRank tests and we are nearly finished. 

# What's in your way?

While working on Voting project, I accidentally created an infinite loop. Trying to run an acceptance test resulted files being created until my all of disk space was occupied. After fixing the issue and removing the files from my directory, I pushed the changes to GitHub. Unknown to me, a couple of large hidden files were also created in my directory. Git failed to push the commit because the files exceed the 100 MB limit for files on GitHub. Just removing the files did not work. I had to edit my previous commit and remove the files there too. A simple mistake resulted in a huge headache and the loss of about thirty minutes of my time. At least I learned to always to a check my directory before doing a git add. 

# What will you do next week?

Next week, my partner and I will finish and turn in the Voting project. I don’t have any tests this week, but I need to start to prepare for the exam that I have the following week. We are having a ABCS general meeting on Thursday.

# What's my experience of the class?

I really enjoyed the book readings for this week. I understand that we will cover classes later in the class, but it was nice to see how classes work in C++. The textbook also contained some good comparisons to Java, a language that I already know. It was also nice to see an object-oriented approach to the Eight-Queens Problem. It was completely different than the approach that I used to solve that problem years ago.

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?

In light of my horrible git experience, my tip-of-the-week is a git reference website. This website has a bunch of information various git commands and the options associated with them.

https://git-scm.com/docs
