---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

# What did you do this past week?
It’s been a pretty interesting week. I went to Miriam Grobman’s talk on Monday night. She’s had some pretty interesting life experience and the talk was very enjoyable. I went to the UT Austin at Facebook event on Wednesday. I had a great time and got to meet a bunch of my fellow Facebook interns. I had a Vector Calculus exam on Thursday. It didn’t go as well as the first exam, but I think that I did fine. I also started on the Darwin project.

# What's in your way?
Next week is going to be super busy for me. 

# What will you do next week?
The Fall course catalog comes out next week. I need to meet with my advisor to start my Senior Countdown and plan for next semester. In addition to the Darwin project, I have another project to do for my INF class. I also have my third Chemistry exam this week. If I make it the end of the week, I’ll go to the ABCS Painting with a Twist event.

# What's my experience of the class?
This week we wrapped up the last of the SOLID principles. All of the articles about these different object-oriented design principles were pretty interesting. I must admit that I’m guilty of breaking a lot of these principles on prior projects. A lot of our lecture time this week was spent explaining the Darwin project. There is quite a bit to do for this project, so I appreciate the fact that we spent so much time going over it. We also went over a really cool implementation of the = operator. Rather than taking the parameter by reference, we took the parameter by copy and swapped values. I would have never thought of something like that.

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My pick-of-the-week this week is an interesting terminal program called [Instagram Terminal Feed](https://github.com/billcccheng/instagram-terminal-news-feed). As the name suggests, it displays your Instagram feed in the terminal. It displays all the images on your Instagram feed as ASCII art. There’s even a color display option. It’s a pretty cool program to play around with. 
