---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

# What did you do this past week?
This week was rough! I had an exam and two projects due this week. My Chemistry exam was the day before the Darwin project was due. I had to finish the Darwin project early to have to study for Chemistry. The project went smoothly, but I had to stay up late for several days to finish early. In addition to not getting much sleep, my allergies came back. I’ve been congested and coughing the entire week. The class average for this Chemistry exam was by far the lowest of all our exams, but I managed to do slightly above average. I put off my other project until after my Chemistry exam. Thankfully, that project was nowhere as near as intense as the Darwin project. I also met with my advisor this week. The silver lining of this miserable week was the ABCS painting night. I had a great time! It was the first time that I painted since high school, and it was the first time that I created any sort physical art in over half a year. 

# What's in your way?
Due to everything that happened this week I put off Vector Calculus. Thankfully, the quiz that we were supposed to have this week got delayed until next week.

# What will you do next week?
I have a quiz in Vector Calculus. Other than that, I have no exam or major assignment this week. This is the first week since mid-February that I haven’t had an exam or project due! I’ll take advantage of this unprecedented free time by getting started on my OOP project early.

# What's my experience of the class?
This week we wrapped up our vector implementation. I feel like understand most of, but I will revisit it a couple of times before the test. We moved on and started to look at the other standard data structures in C++. The high-level details of these data structures were fairly easy to understand.

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
Since registration is coming up soon, my tip-of-the-week is to make an appoint with your advisor while you still can. Meeting with your advisor makes planning for registration much easier. If you wait until walk-in advising starts, you will likely have to wait a while until you can see your advisor.
