---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

# What are your expectations of the class?
I’ve heard a lot of good things about this class. Several people have told me that this class is the best way to learn c++. In addition to learning c++, I’m also expecting to learn how to use valuable developer tools, such as Docker and testing frameworks.

# What did you do this past week?
This past week was the first week of class. As a result, most of my classes focused on introducing us to the format of the class. Outside of class, I spent quite a bit of time looking for the cheapest place to buy my textbooks. After a multi-month design process, the Association of Black Computer Scientist (ABCS) finally received its t-shirts. Lexi did an amazing job with the design and the shirts turned out great! I started distributing them to ABC members this past week.

# What's in your way?
This semester, I have a 9 AM class on the same days that I have OOP. I was 10 minutes late to OOP on the first day because I decided to take nap between those classes and overslept. Continuously being late to class with daily quizzes would be disastrous. As I settle into my semester schedule, I doubt this will be a problem.

# What will you do next week?
Next week will be the first full week of classes. In addition to going to class, ABCS is having its Spring Kickoff next week. There are still a few things that I need to do to ensure that the kickoff will be great.

# What's my experience of the class?
I’ve enjoyed OOP so far. I liked how we jumped right into c++ on the second day of class. I’ve heard of Docker before, but never really know what it was until this week. I really appreciated that brief Docker tutorial that we had in class. I’m going to have to look into it some more.

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
I recently found this site: https://www.freecodecamp.org

It has interactive tutorials on a bunch of different programming languages, concepts, and tools. It looks like a great place to review concepts that you might be unsure of and possibly learn a few new things.
