---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

# What did you do this past week?
I finished up my Collatz project early in the week. About 15 minutes before the project was due, I realized that I had forgotten to do something. I barely managed to correct my mistake before the deadline. I also had a project due in my INF class. Thankfully, that one did not require much time to complete. On Friday, I went to the ABC x HACS programming competition. It was the first programing competition that I’ve competed in since my freshman year. My team (Denalex, Nelson, and I) won second place in the competition and I got a $25 Amazon gift card! 

# What's in your way?
I’ve finally settled into my schedule. Now, I just need to get in sync with the bus schedule. On Wednesday, I missed the last bus that would get me to campus before class started. I ordered an Uber to make sure that I make it to OOP before the quiz started. My Uber driver got lost despite it being a straight shot from my apartment to campus. I ended up getting to class 4 minutes late. Thankfully, that quiz ended up not counting.

# What will you do next week?
I have a Chemistry exam on Wednesday. I’ll be busying study for my exam for the first half of the week. I should have time to get started on the next OOP project before Wednesday. Hopefully, starting the project won’t take as long this time. 

# What's my experience of the class?
Professor Downing’s lectures are well organized. We go over a fair amount of content during each class, but it never feels like we do too much. We rarely end up being lectured to or working until the bell rings. The quizzes can be tricky at times, but I learn a lot from them. I’ve really enjoyed the HackerRank problems that we’ve been doing in class. At first glance, they always appear to be simple, but they end up helping you understand some of the less obvious features of C++.

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
I’m a novice Vim user. This week, I finally started messing with my Vim configuration. I wish that I had done this much earlier.

Here’s a nice post on how to edit your Vim configuration: [Vimrc Example](https://marcgg.com/blog/2016/03/01/vimrc-example/)
