---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

# What did you do this past week?
I had an exam in Vector Calculus on Thursday. I think that I did well on the exam but we’ll see about that when grades are posted. HACS and ABCS cohosted an event with GoDaddy on the same day as my exam. The GoDaddy recruiter took all of us to Dave and Buster's. Everyone was having a great time until a transformer blew and the entire block lost its power. I wasn’t able to redeem my tickets. Despite the premature ending, the event was a nice way to recharge after an exam.
# What's in your way?
I’d like to get more work done while I'm on campus. I stay on campus between classes because I live too far away to make going home worth it. I manage to get some work done on campus most days, but there are some days where I will just sit around until my next class starts.
# What will you do next week?
I'll study for the OOP exam next week. I feel like I have a decent understanding of the content that we have covered so far. I plan on redoing the HackerRank problems until I start to feel comfortable with some of the more obscure C++ features. In addition to the OOP exam, I also have to write a paper and study for another exam that I have the following week. It looks like I’ll be pretty busy next week. 
# What's my experience of the class?
The structure of class was a little bit different this week. We worked on HackerRank problems every day. It felt like we spent more time doing problems than having a lecture. It was a change that I welcomed. I feel like I was as able to better grasp the concepts that we covered after working on the problems. I also appreciated the extra practice since we have an exam coming up this week.
# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My pick-of-the-week is Google’s reply app. It’s currently in beta, but the APK has gone public. Essentially, it brings smart replies to a lot of the popular messaging apps (Facebook messenger, Slack, WhatsApp, etc.) on the Android platform. The integration of AI and messaging will be interesting to watch.

You read more about it [here](https://www.theverge.com/2018/2/21/17036126/google-smart-reply-app-slack-facebook-messenger-whatsapp-hangouts-hands-on)
