---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

# What did you do this past week?
This week, I started my first OOP project. It took a while to get the project set up, but I have yet to run into any more problems. ABCS had its kickoff this past Thursday. It went great! We had a lot of people show up for the event. We have a bunch of events place for the semester and I hope that everyone can make out to them. 

# What's in your way?
It looks like I have a pretty heavy workload this semester. All of my classes have weekly readings and homework assignments. I need to organize my schedule to ensure sure that I’m completing everything on time.

# What will you do next week?
Next week will be pretty busy for me. Including my OOP project, I have four projects to complete this week. In addition to these projects, I have to read several books chapters and complete multiple homework assignments this week. 

# What's my experience of the class?
This was another great week in OOP class. We went over a couple of optimizations for the Collatz project. These optimizations weren’t obvious, but the way the way that we went over them made them easy to understand. I’m glad that we did go over them because I doubt that I would have considered them otherwise. We also talked about the differences between the ++c and c++. I learned about pre-increment operator and post-increment operator years before I knew anything about compilers. I have never considered the decisions that compilers must make when it comes to these operators. I’ve been blindly using i++ for everything. 

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My tip-of-the-week is tmux, a handy program that is already installed on the lab machines. It’s a terminal multiplexer. Basically, it allows you to create multiple terminal panes within a single terminal window and allows you to arrange the panes in whatever in whatever fashion you. In addition to giving you window management abilities, tmux allows you to detach from your current session and reattach to it later. As long as the tmux process is still alive, you can attach to it pick up right where you left off.

Here’s a short tmux guide: http://www.hamvocke.com/blog/a-quick-and-easy-guide-to-tmux/
