---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

# What did you do this past week?
After a nice and relaxing spring break, I had to jump right back into things. I finished the OOP project. It went fairly well, but the combing free blocks part took a little bit longer than I expected. I had a quiz in Vector Calculus this week. Additionally, I had to create a presentation for my INF class. I also went to the ABC Palantir event. It was pretty nice! They took us to Claypit and we had a five-course dinner.

# What's in your way?
I’ve been running back and forth to my doctor a lot over the past week. I’ve already been three times. It takes up so much time, but my health is important. Everything appears to be fine.

# What will you do next week?
Next week will be interesting. I’m going to go to the talk on Monday night. I’m going to the UT Austin Facebook welcome event on Wednesday. I have a Vector Calculus test on Thursday. Lastly, I need to finish planning the ABCS social event.

# What's my experience of the class?
I found our lecture on the dangers of default methods (constructors, destructors) to be incredibly interesting. I would never have imagined all of the problems that can occur if you rely on the default methods. Unlike the week before spring break, we did a couple HackerRank problems in class. I really enjoyed doing these problems and hope that we’ll continue to have these opportunities to try out things in class. 

# What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My pick of the week is [repl.it](repl.it). Repl is a browser-based development environment. I haven’t used it much, but it is significantly better than any sort of online compiler that I have used. It supports most of the popular programming languages and couple obscure ones too. Every Repl instance runs on its own container. The container is linked to your account, which enables you to resume coding from any device with a web browser. You can search for and install whatever libraries your project needs to the container. Repl instances are also embeddable.
